but Solomon took 13 years to build his
own house so he finished all his house
he also built the house of the forest of
Lebanon its length was 100 cubits its
width 50 cubits and its height 30 cubits
with four rows of cedar pillars and
cedar beams on the pillars and it was
paneled with cedar above the beams of
are on 45 pillars
15 - a row there were windows with
beveled frames in three rows and window
was opposite window in three tiers and
all the doorways and door posts had
rectangular frames and window was
opposite window in three tiers he also
made the hall of pillars its length was
50 cubits and its width 30 cubits and in
front of them was a portico with pillars
and a canopy was in front of them then
he made a hole for the throne the Hall
of judgment where he might judge and it
was paneled with cedar from floor to
ceiling and the house where he dwelt had
another court inside the hole of light
workmanship
Solomon also made a house like this hole
for Pharaoh's daughter whom he had taken
his wife all these were of costly stones
cut to size trimmed with soles inside
and out from the foundation to the eaves
and also on the outside to the great
court the foundation was of costly
stones large stones some ten cubits and
some eight cubits and above were costly
stones hewn to size and cedarwood the
great court was enclosed with three rows
of hewn stones and a row of cedar beams
so were the inner court of the house of
the Lord and the vestibule of the temple
now King Solomon sent and brought Hyrum
from tyre he was the son of a widow from
the tribe of Naphtali and his father was
a man of Tyre a bronze worker he was
filled with wisdom and understanding and
skill in working with all kinds of
bronze work so he came to King Solomon
and did all his work and he cast two
pillars of bronze each one 18 cubits
high and a line of 12 cubits measured
the circumference of each then he made
two capitals of cast bronze to set on
the tops of the pillars the height of
one capital was five cubits and the
height of the other capital was five
cubits he made a lattice Network with
Riis of chain work for the capitals
which were on top of the pillars seven
chains for one capital and seven for the
other capital
so he made the pillars and two rows of
pomegranates above the network all
around to cover the Capitals that were
on top and thus he did for the other
capital the Capitals which were on top
of the pillars in the hall were in the
shape of lilies four cubits the Capitals
on the two pillars also had pomegranates
above by the convex surface which was
next to the network and there were 200
such pomegranates in rows on each of the
capitals all around then he set up the
pillars by the vestibule of the temple
he set up the pillar on the right and
called its name jaqen and he set up the
pillar on the left and called its name
Boaz the tops of the pillars were in the
shape of lilies so the work of the
pillars was finished and he made the see
of cast bronze ten cubits from one brim
to the other
it was completely around its height was
five cubits and a line of thirty cubits
measured its circumference below its
brim were ornamental buds and settling
it all around
tend to a cubit all the way around the
see the ornamental bugs were cast in two
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
oxen three looking toward the north
three looking toward the west three
looking toward the south and three
looking toward the east the sea was set
upon them and all their back parts
pointed inward it was a handbreadth
thick and its brim was shaped like the
brim of a like a lily blossom it
contained two thousand baths
he also made ten carts of bronze four
cubits was the length of each cart
four cubits its width and three cubits
its height and this was the design of
the carts they had panels and the panels
were between frames
on the panels that were between the
frames were lions oxen and cherubim and
on the frames was a pedestal on top
below the lions and oxen were wreaths of
plaited work every card had four bronze
wheels and axles of bronze and it's four
feet had supports under the laver were
supports of cast bronze beside each
wreath it's opening inside the crown at
the top was one cubit in diameter and
the opening was round shaped like a
pedestal one-and-a-half cubits in
outside diameter and also on the opening
were engravings
but the panel's were square not round
under the panel's were the four wheels
and the axles of the wheels were joined
to the count the height of a wheel was
one-and-a-half cubits the workmanship of
the wheels was like the workmanship of a
chariot wheel their axle pins their rims
their spokes and their hubs were all of
cast bronze and there were four supports
at the four corners of each cart its
supports were part of the cart itself on
the top of the cart at the height of
half a cubit it was perfectly round and
on the top of the cart its flanges and
its panels were of the same casting on
the plates of its flanges and on its
panels he engraved cherubim lions and
palm trees wherever there was a clear
space on each with wreaths all around
thus he made the 10 carts all of them
were of the same mould one measure and
one shape then he made 10 labors of
bronze each Laver contained 40 bars and
each Laver was four cubits on each of
the ten carts was a Laver and he put
five cards on the right side of the
house and five on the left side of the
house
he set the sea on the right side of the
house toward the southeast Hurom made
the Lavers and the shovels and the bowls
so here I'm finished doing all the work
that he was to do for King Solomon for
the house of the Lord the two pillars
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
top of the two pillars the two networks
covering the two bowl shaped capitals
which were on top of the pillars 400
pomegranates for the two networks two
rows of pomegranates for each network to
cover the two bowl shaped capitals
pepper on top of the pillars the ten
carts and ten levers on the carts one C
and twelve oxen under the C the pots the
shovels and the bowls all these articles
which Hurom made for King Solomon for
the house of the Lord were of burnished
bronze in the plain of Jordan the King
had been cast in clay molds between
Sukkoth and Zahra tan and Solomon did
not weigh all the articles because there
were so many the weight of the bronze
was not determined
thus Solomon had all the furnishings
made for the house of the Lord the altar
of gold and the table of gold and which
was the showbread the lampstands of pure
gold five on the right side and five on
the left in front of the inner sanctuary
with the flowers and the lamps and the
wick trimmers of gold the basin's the
trimmers the bowls the ladles and the
senses of pure gold and the hinges of
gold both for the doors of the inner
room the most holy place and for the
doors of the main hall of the temple so
all the work that King Solomon had done
for the house of the Lord was finished
and Solomon brought in the things which
his father David had dedicated the
silver and the gold and the furnishings
he put them in the Treasuries of the
house of the Lord
you